---
layout: post
title:  "A Year In"
date:   2020-10-27
featured_image: saigonstill.jpg
tags: [Travel, Vietnam]
---

Hello World- yeah, I'm still here. Realized I hadn't made a post in quite a while. Since March, actually. Remember March 2020? Hard to believe that was less than a year ago, eh?

And also, it's been a year since my first entry, which marked the beginning of this journey. My plan was to become a "digital nomad" but it turned out that I've mostly been a "digital stay-in-one-country-mad" instead. But, I can't complain. Vietnam rocks, and thankfully we've pretty much kicked the virus quite a while ago, so life is pretty much back to normal here.

They're not letting anyone into the country anytime soon, nor are the countries that would be next on my list planning to open up anytime soon either. So I'll probably be here for several months to come. 

{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/posts/twistyroads.jpg" caption="Hai Van Pass, near Da Nang" %}

Spent a few months in Da Nang. The place is great. You get the "big" city stuff and you get the beach, and you get easy day trips out into nature. It's "1.1 million people" big instead of the "9 million people" big of Saigon which does make a world of difference.

Renting a motorbike has made all the difference. After taking courses and getting my license back in the States around New Years, I waited until moving to Da Nang to rent a bike because Saigon traffic scared the bejeezus out of me. But now, back in Saigon for a few weeks, got pretty used to traffic, and the city is just so much more enjoyable when you're free to explore it in that way. 

{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/posts/atladybuddha.jpg" caption="Lady Buddha in Da Nang" %}

{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/posts/fromladybuddha.jpg" caption="View of Da Nang skyline from Lady Buddha" %}

Next up: Hanoi. The climate looks execellent, similar to HK's in the winter. Not sweating just from going outside sounds swell! And I'm curious how different it is from the other cities I've seen so far. 